Feels so good to be home.
Stay.
How's the play going?
I'm nervous.
Why?
Because...
What if people show up?
Fuck `em!
You're nervous about what they think?
I'm nervous to be up on a stage and perform in front of people.
I'm terrified.
They should be so lucky to see it.
It's going to be incredible.
I can't wait.
I can.
What time do you leave in the morning?
6:45, [LOCATION] .
You should come.
To [LOCATION] ?
Yeah, you could knock that off your bucket list.
Wish I could.
Why can't you?
Because I have to rehearse.
Can't you rehearse anywhere?
You mean anywhere you are?
Well, all my stuff is here and my show's in a few weeks and -- I don't know, it doesn't seem practical...
Right... I just -- we're going to have to do things so we can see each other.
We never see each other.
I know, but when are you done?
...What do you mean?
When are you done with the tour?
But -- as soon as we're done with the tour we go back and record, and then we go back on tour.
We tour so we can make the record, and then we go back on tour to sell the record.
So it's...the long haul?
...What does that mean?
I mean the long haul -- like, you're going to be in this band for a long time.
What did you think I was going to do?
I don't know, I didn't think the band would --
You didn't think we'd be successful.
No, that's not what I meant.
What I meant was -- this band -- you're going to be on the road for -- what, years now?
Yeah, feasibly -- I could be on the road for years with just this record.
Do you like the music you're playing?
I don't know how that matters.
It matters if you're going to give up your dream to be on the road for years.
Do you like the music I'm playing?
Yes. I do.
I just didn't think you did.
Yeah, well, I --
And now I hear you're going to be on the road for years, and I'm --
What are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
What do you mean why am I doing this?
This is what you wanted from me.
To be in this band?
To have a steady job.
Yes, I wanted you to have a job so you could take care of yourself and start your club.
So I'm doing that.
So why aren't we celebrating?
Why aren't you starting your club?
You said yourself no one wants to go to that club!
No one wants to go to a club called Chicken on a Stick --
Change the name!
-- and no one likes jazz. Not even you.
I do like jazz now, because of you.
What am I supposed to do?
Go back to playing "Jingle Bells" so I can save money for some Shangri-La club no one wants to go to?
People will want to go to it!
People love what other people are passionate about.
Not in my experience.
Anyway -- it's time to grow up.
You know?
This is what I'm doing.
If you had a problem, I wish you would've said something earlier, before I signed on the dotted line.
You had a dream that you were sticking to, that --
This is the dream!
This is not your dream.
Guys like me go their whole lives and never do anything that's liked.
I'm finally doing something that people enjoy.
What is wrong with that?
Why do you care so much about being liked?
You're an actress, who are you to talk??
Maybe you liked me more when I was a failure because it made you feel better about yourself.
Are you kidding?
No.
Wait --
